(Re)define algorithm parameters for ARKG-pub and Ref-ARKG-derived (#34)
Yubico/arkg-rfc: draft-bradleylundberg-cfrg-arkg.md

An ARKG public seed is represented as a COSE_Key structure [RFC9052]
with `kty` value TBD (placeholder value -65537).
{{tbl-arkg-pub-params}} defines key type parameters `pkbl` (-1) and `pkkem` (-2) for the `BL` and `KEM` public key, respectively,

> as well as key type parameter `dkalg` (-3) representing the algorithm that derived public and private keys may be used with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well as key type parameter `dkalg` (-3), representing the algorithm that derived public and private keys are to be used with.
```

{: #tbl-arkg-pub-params title="COSE key type parameters for the ARKG-pub key type."}
| Name  | Label | Value type | Required? | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ---------- | --------- | ----------- |
| pkbl  | -1    | COSE_Key   | Required  | BL key of ARKG public seed |
| pkkem | -2    | COSE_Key   | Required  | KEM key of ARKG public seed |
| dkalg | -3    | int / tstr | Optional  | `alg` parameter of public and private keys derived from this ARKG public seed |

When `dkalg` (-3) is present in an ARKG public seed,
the `alg` (3) parameter of public keys derived using `ARKG-Derive-Public-Key` with that seed
SHOULD be set to the `dkalg` (-3) value of the seed.

The `alg` (3) parameter, when present,

> identifies the ARKG instance this public seed may be used with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identifies the ARKG instance this public seed is to be used with.
```
